Fix sending crashes if app is launched in background (#1864)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-apple: CHANGELOG.md

## Version 2.5.2 (Under development)

### App Center Crashes

> * **[Fix]** Fix sending crashes if app is launched in background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix sending crashes if an application is launched in background.
```
